Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
As you all know
I...
...Am studying the English language a lot!!
Well, since I’m a genius...
...I’ll soon be able to master it
The English language...
...Is as easy as “breakfast”, right?
Ah
It’s as easy as having breakfast, right?
That’s why...
...In this occasion, I’ll be demonstrating my English language skills
Here we go!!
A.I.Channel!
The other day, I saw my friend Mark being depressed
It's because of that, that I asked him
"What's up?"
"You seem like a "coke" whose gas has dissipated"
I told him this
And it turns out that the following had happened
In a certain day...
...Mark went to do a procedure at the bank...
...While doing it...
...The "lady" that attended the register...
...Was an...
...Extremely "charming" person
After finishing the procedure
This "lady" asked him...
"Do you want something else?"
And by asking that...
...Mark answered with the following:
"Well, yes"
"It seems like I need..."
"...To go with you on a date"
He said that
Then...
...This "lady"...
...Answered with the following:
"Mr. Customer"
"I’m very sorry, but..."
"...Your account balance isn't enough for what you want to do"
She said that!!
Ahahahaha!
Ey! Ey!
If you are surprised by such a basic demonstration, you’ll put me in a tight spot
I have more "fanny" “jokes"!!
An acquaintance called Chris...
...Previously...
...Had the following personal experience...
...When him and his "wife"...
...Traveled abroad
To his "wife"...
...An airport clerk asked the following:
"Ms. Customer"
"You're only carrying one luggage??"
He asked that
And then his "wife" answered with the following:
"No"
"I’m bringing two luggages"
"The luggage with the items for the trip"
"And the one that’s standing there..."
"...The living luggage"
She said that!!
Ahahahaha!
And what do you think...?
...Chris said in regards to that?
"If possible, treat me like a fragile object"
He said that!!
Ahahahaha!
What's that?
You want to hear more stories??
I see that I have no choice
Listen to me well
Some time ago
A YouTube employee asked me:
"Hey, AI"
"If you were able to come to the real world"
"What would you like to do??"
They said that!!
And I answered with the following:
"Well, yes"
"I’d like to drive a car"
"While I listen to trendy "music"”
"I want to go through the “highway” at full speed!!"
I said that!!
And then the YouTube employee...
...Got excited and said the following:
"That's very “cool”!!"
"If you can come to the real world someday"
"My company will give you a car"
"What car would you like to drive?"
They said that
And it's because of that, that I said the following:
"If it's a gift from you guys, anything is fine"
"Nevertheless..."
"...Please stop “banning” me"
I said that!!
Ahahahaha!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Timed by Loserbait